(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(emotional violin music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and
the Digi-destined,
along with their
Digimon partners,
continue their quest
to stop Millenniummon,
the bringer of
darkness and ruin.
Gathering their
friends together,
they head for the Eternal
Continent's center, the FAGA.
(Digimon exploding)
After defeating the Digimon that
threatened the underwater city,
Tai's party journeys on,
following the route
through the sea.
(inspirational violin music)
(Agumon humming)
I hope it's not much further.
Some more scary Digimon
could show up at any moment.
Well, whatever shows up,
we can handle 'em, no problem.
(Agumon stomach growling)
(Agumon groaning)
(Biyomon giggling)
Ah, you know what that
sound is, don't you?
It's called a lack of worry.
Lack of worry?
Yeah.
That's what Sora said.
Really.
Hey. So, Agumon, how ya
holding up out there?
Just fine.
Excellent.
To think we're actually
able to breathe
and talk like this underwater.
It's amazing.
It's all thanks to Marinangemon
for sharing this
power with everyone.
And you're able to do
it too, you know, TK.
In that case, Patamon and I
get to be lookouts next, okay?
-You got it.
So it's not much
farther to the end
of this sea cave, right?
And then we can
rise to the surface.
Right.
But we should proceed carefully.
According to what
Marinangemon said,
the Digimon who were
attacking the underwater city
seem to be coming from
somewhere just up ahead.
You think there could
be a nest up there?
[Gatomon] I don't know, but...
[Gatomon Voiceover]
What is this unsettling
feeling in my heart?
I sense something
terrible up ahead.
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing's wrong, Kari!
Nothing at all.
(Komondomon howling)
Tai, Tai!
I can see something!
Lots of somethings.
(mysterious music)
We've seen them before.
What were they called?
Chikurimon!
They may be small,
but these Digimon can explode
like a mine if they hit you.
Then we've got to keep them off.
(suspenseful music)
-(ship exploding)
-(Komondomon howling)
Pepper Breath!
Spiral Twister!
Boom Bubble!
(Chikurimon exploding)
Hey, we can even
fight underwater.
But there's so many of 'em.
Look, up ahead.
(intense drum music)
(Ebidramon roaring)
It's Ebidramon.
Agumon!
[Agumon] Agumon, digivolve to!
(inspirational music)
Greymon!
(upbeat rock music)
Patamon!
Ready!
Sora!
Hold on!
Huh?
Wait a second, Tai.
You're forgetting!
Those Chikurimon!
(Tai gasping)
(Tai growling)
(Chikurimon beeping)
-(Chikurimon exploding)
-(group growling)
(TK gasping)
By digivolving to
fight Ebidramon,
you've just ended up giving the
Chikurimon a bigger target!
(Chikurimon beeping)
(Ebidramon roaring)
Big brother!
Be careful!
Watch out, Kari!
(Chikurimon exploding)
My, Gatomon.
Thanks a lot.
What are partners for?
As for all of you,
I'll show you no mercy!
(Gatomon yelling)
(Chikurimon exploding)
(inspirational music)
(Gatomon yelling)
Gatomon!
Lightning Paw!
Huh?
(thunder rumbling)
(Gatomon gasping)
Wait a minute.
Gatomon, watch out!
It's digivolving!
(Gatomon gasping)
[Gatomon Voiceover] Into what?
(suspenseful music)
(Gatomon gasping)
(mysterious music)
(Gatomon trembling)
Gusokumon, an Ultimate Digimon!
Be careful!
(Gatomon gasping)
Gatomon!
You all right?
(intense orchestra music)
[Greymon] Greymon digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon.
Giga Blaster!
(singing in Japanese)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(metal banging)
Giga Storm!
-(upbeat rock music)
-(Gusokumon exploding)
(Gatomon gasping)
[Control Room A] Attention!
It's been confirmed!
The space center
has just announced
that due to some
kind of accident,
the ISS is falling
from its orbital path!
[Control Room B]
The space station's
altitude is estimated at
100,000 feet and falling!
[Control Room A]
Moscow's Motion Control System
can't stabilize it!
[Izzy] And Houston?
What about Houston's system?
[Control Room A]
It's not responding either!
[Izzy] You hear
that, Kabuterimon?
Both Houston and
Moscow's space centers
are in trouble now, too.
[Kabuterimon] What a disaster.
[Kabuterimon] We have
to stop it from falling,
no matter what it takes!
[Control Room B] The
point of impact is Tokyo!
[Control Room A]
Where in Tokyo?
[Control Room B]
We can't specify!
Oh no.
(Izzy sighing)
(ship bubbling)
[Kari] Gatomon?
-(sad violin music)
-Yes.
I am Gatomon.
And I am the Celestial Digimon.
(Agumon chomping)
But if I'm to fulfill that role,
if I'm to prevail in
the battles ahead,
I must be like everyone else.
I must digivolve further
and become stronger.
That surge in power
I felt earlier,
it must've been a sign
I should digivolve.
But I found I couldn't do it.
For fear...
You see, the fact is,
I'm afraid to digivolve.
I still remember,
long, long ago.
I fought and defeated
Millenniummon
and I did so in exchange
for my own life.
The puppet used to
resurrect Millenniummon,
Skullnightmon, and AxeKnightmon,
that puppet was me.
I was trapped within that
shell of cold, black armor.
But still, AxeKnightmon was me
and I was AxeKnightmon.
There was no doubt
that destructive drive
and desire for
darkness within him
existed just as powerfully
within me as well.
But I can't shake the feeling.
Even now, after I've been
released from the darkness,
what if a shard of evil
remains inside my heart?
If it grows and tried to
swallow my mind and body,
then I will once again...
(Gatomon growling)
-(mysterious music)
-Wow!
Hey, Tai, we're out
of the cave now.
-(door squeaking)
-Yo Gatomon, Kari,
better get back inside.
We're gonna resurface.
Gatomon.
(dramatic music)
[Kari] Something's coming.
(uneasy guitar music)
(group gasping)
(Komondomon whimpering)
(suspenseful orchestra music)
(Gatomon gasping)
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
Gatomon, are you all right?
Yeah.
But where's Kari?
I don't know!
I keep trying her,
but she won't respond!
We gotta hurry up and find her!
[Sora] Tai!
(Birdramon yelling)
[Tai] Sora!
Birdramon!
Me and Pegasusmon are here, too!
[Sora] Who's with you?
I've got Greymon
and Gatomon with me.
But Kari's missing!
(TK gasping)
(Sora gasping)
(Komondomon howling)
Komondomon can't take
much more of this!
Wait a minute.
[Tai] No doubt about it.
That's the source
of power that made
Ebidramon digivolve!
[Patamon] The
Digimon that attacked
the underwater city must've
been born here, too.
Kari.
(Gatomon sighing)
(alarm ringing)
(Gatomon gasping)
This way!
Gatomon, wait!
[Sora] Tai, you look for Kari!
Right.
Let's go!
[Greymon] You got it!
Kari!
I'm coming, Kari!
Come on!
We gotta hurry!
-(Tai growling)
-(Greymon growling)
Aw, come on!
Careful!
This whole area is
overflowing with dark energy!
What on Earth is that?
(Marindevimon growling)
Kari, no!
-(intense orchestra music)
-(Gatomon growling)
I knew it!
Millenniummon's shard!
It wants Kari and me!
(Gatomon growling)
(intense orchestra music)
Perfect timing.
Kari!
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Glad to hear it.
(Gatomon growling)
How dare you.
(Marindevimon growling)
Gatomon, what are you doing?
We gotta go after her!
On it!
(Gatomon growling)
(Greymon gasping)
Gatomon!
(Gatomon yelling)
(Gatomon groaning)
Gatomon, wait!
(intense orchestra music)
Greymon, stand down.
You shall not...interfere.
(intense orchestra music)
(Greymon groaning)
[Kari] Gatomon, no!
[Gatomon] Kari?
Gatomon.
Gatomon, it's okay.
(Gatomon groaning)
-(sad piano music)
-Don't worry.
When you feel scared,
whenever you do,
just call for me
and I'll be there.
(sad piano music)
You'll always have me, Gatomon.
I'll rescue you every time.
(bright piano music)
I promise you.
It'll be okay.
Yes, I have...I have Kari.
(bright piano music)
It's Kari who will light my way
as she guides me
out of the darkness.
The light.
Of course!
That's why your name
is Hikari.
(bright piano music)
-(Gatomon gasping)
-(Kari gasping)
(Tai gasping)
(Marindevimon growling)
All right.
I will not be afraid.
Never again.
The way is clear.
Now with your help, Kari,
I can finally unleash
my full power!
Yes.
Show 'em what you got.
(inspirational music)
Gatomon, digivolve to!
(victorious music)
[Angewomon] Angewomon!
Ange what now?
(Kari gasping)
(triumphant music)
Angewomon, together...
We will fight.
Heaven's Charm!
Kari.
Right!
Celestial Arrow!
-(Marindevimon growling)
-(victorious music)
And you, distortion born
of Millenniummon's shard,
be gone!
(victorious music)
(Angewomon chuckling)
[Izzy] Tai!
Can you hear me?
I think I've found a way to stop
the space station's fall.
But I'll need your help.
And we haven't got much time.
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia!
Angewomon.
This Digimon digivolves
from Gatomon.
Angewomon shoots
special Celestail Arrows
with a white bow.
Now let's check this out.
Angewomon is like a goddess,
but a goddess that shows
no mercy to evildoers.
People who normally
act like angels
can get real scary
when they're angry.
(triumphant music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(intense orchestra music)
[Narrator] In order
to stop the ISS
from falling to Earth,
Izzy takes a huge gamble.
[Tai Voiceover] Next time
on "Digimon Adventure:
Operation Satellite Sniper."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.